chore: support GSQL in tpcc benchmarking (#2018)
GoogleCloudPlatform/pgadapter: benchmarks/tpcc/README.md

### Load data

Load data into a PostgreSQL-dialect DB:

```shell
mvn spring-boot:run -Dspring-boot.run.arguments="
  --tpcc.benchmark-duration=PT600s
  --tpcc.warehouses=10
  --tpcc.benchmark-threads=1
  --tpcc.load-data=true
  --tpcc.truncate-before-load=false
  --tpcc.run-benchmark=false
  --tpcc.use-read-only-transactions=false
  --tpcc.lock-scanned-ranges=false
  --spanner.project=my-project
  --spanner.instance=my-instance
  --spanner.database=my-database
  --pgadapter.credentials=/path/to/credentials.json
  "
```

> Load data into a GoogleSQL-dialect DB (we need to specify `client_lib_gsql` in `benchmark-runner` to indicate to load GSQL data):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To load data into a GoogleSQL-dialect DB, you need to specify `client_lib_gsql` as the `benchmark-runner`. This instructs the benchmark application that it should use the Spanner Java client to connect to the database, and that it should use the GoogleSQL dialect:
```

### Run benchmark

> Currently, we support benchmark runners: `pgadapter`, `spanner_jdbc`, `client_lib_pg`, and `client_lib_gsql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, we support the following benchmark runners: `pgadapter`, `spanner_jdbc`, `client_lib_pg`, and `client_lib_gsql`.
```
